the sport of niala a moment to remember
with your 15 or a hundred and fifteen
the
- Oksana Baiul
we heard Beauty and the Beast being
skated to earlier they could call this
shad beauties and the Beast and Sandra
your thoughts on the championship every
once in a while of diamond falls into
the laps of the skating world and today
this is what we've witnessed what a
magnificent talent Oksana Baiul we've
never seen the flags of the Ukraine
China France that's never happened
before in women's championship and now
the Olympic Games a party in Lillehammer
a year from now that you say you're
going to be part of what are your
thoughts tonight and it's going to be
really really difficult and we're gonna
go through a really tough here but I
want to take this challenge and go ahead
and try my best
Oh Katarina take a look you know they
are the stars against whom you'll
compete in Lillehammer 1993 world
medallist and for Oksana Baiul she
creates history the new Ukrainian flag
and for the first time ever the
Ukrainian and
at the World Championships
the championship record in tears victory
and defeat and on the negative side some
from Nancy Kerrigan she's with give you
have to be disappointed there you know I
worked so hard and I mean it's hard work
and I just hope all those people have
been pulling for me really just pray
that I get stronger than I can handle a
little better because I'm capable of
doing all this stuff and I think I
should have been up there I skated great
all week and it was just a long wait at
the end and I guess I felt a little more
pressure than I had admitted to did you
did feel that pressure because you were
trying to do not to deny it well I just
trying to concentrate on the skating and
not think about it but is there and I'm
just gonna have to go home and deal with
it and get stronger
come back and fight Nancy thank you